first I'm going to start off with a
really deep purple this is by Ulta and
it's called devious with a Linda little
devious with this I'm going to paint my
middle finger my pinky and my thumb then
we're going to move on to Raven this is
by Julia now you might have just noticed
that I messed up a little bit it's okay
take your thumb wipe it away no need for
polish remover we don't waste product
around here okay
now we're going to create clusters of
white you want to sponge this on so that
it kind of looks like a series of dots
make sure you sponge off the excess
before you go onto your nail
then just go ahead and sponge over your
white areas there's really no rhyme or
reason to this
now here all I'm doing is going back
over my colors to really make them
vibrant like I said there's no rhyme or
reason to this do what looks good to you
however you don't want to go over your
black very much you want these layers to
be really thin
now I'm going on with this holographic
glitter it has small glitters and it has
larger hex isn't it this is kind of a
no-name brand I think it's called
NK and the name is twinkle I got it from
my local beauty supply store
I wiped off most of it before I brushed
it on my nails and as you can see here
I'm just going back in with those larger
pieces of hex and basing them where I
want them now to add more detail I'm
going in with a really small dotting
tool and using the white polish for even
more detail I'm going to go in with the
liner brush you want to use the finest
one you have and then just create little
crosshatch stars I did one or two of
these you really don't need a lot then
add a topcoat and we're done guys